Recreate Spot-MoveIt wrapper and demo files (#27)
Benned-H/spot_skills: README.md

![Simulated Spot moving its arm to an end-effector target (shown as RGB axes).](docs/sim-moveit-spot.png "Spot's Arm Moving to an End-Effector Target")

**Real Robot Version** - To run this demo using a real robot, perform the following steps:

1. Use the tablet to teleoperate Spot to an open area free of obstacles.
   Make sure there's space in front of Spot for Spot's arm to fully extend.
2. Use the tablet to make Spot sit, which may be hidden under the _Stand_ menu. Then,
   release tablet control of Spot by entering the _Power Button_ menu (top of the
   screen), then tapping _Advanced_, and selecting **Release Control**.
   - _Check_: Are Spot's front lights now flashing rainbow?
3. On your computer, make sure you've followed the **Docker Demo Setup** instructions above.

>    We will need one terminal tab opened into Docker.

Author: ```suggestion
   We will need two terminal tabs opened into Docker.
```

4. We will need to tell ROS which Spot we're using. Note the name of the Spot robot you're using (e.g., `snouter`).
5. Now, launch the real-robot demo using the following command, replacing `<SPOT-NAME>` with your Spot's name:

```bash
roslaunch spot_skills moveit_spot_demo.launch real_robot:=true spot_name:=<SPOT-NAME>
```

> 6. Enter Docker in another terminal tab, source `devel/setup.bash`, and then run:

Author: ```suggestion
6. In the second Docker terminal tab, source `devel/setup.bash`, and then run:
```

   - _Check_: Are Spot's front lights now flashing rainbow?
3. On your computer, make sure you've followed the **Docker Demo Setup** instructions above.
   We will need one terminal tab opened into Docker.
4. We will need to tell ROS which Spot we're using. Note the name of the Spot robot you're using (e.g., `snouter`).
5. Now, launch the real-robot demo using the following command, replacing `<SPOT-NAME>` with your Spot's name:

```bash
roslaunch spot_skills moveit_spot_demo.launch real_robot:=true spot_name:=<SPOT-NAME>
```

> 6. In another terminal tab, run the following within Docker:

Author: after sourcing etc. etc.
